In the new version of Flight Game, we would like to introduce the outstanding and unique features we have added to bring players a new gaming experience.
1. the location of airports and World Map: Players can take off at thousands of real airport locations worldwide and feel the vastness of the earth and the unlimited adventures that await them. 
2. To increase realism, we integrated the online weather service inside the game. It would be best to know about the weather conditions like rain, wind, snow, or storms at any airport
4. we added the online OpenTrivia service. It provides thousands of questions about aviation, geography, history, and other topics. 
5. Flight Game v02 supports all electronic devices with a user-friendly and easy-to-use interface, so everyone from kids to adults can experience the game smoothly on any device they have, wherever they are.
comparision
1. Simple user interface
V1.0: version 01 uses a command-line interface, which is simple and accessible to players. However, manual data entry makes the experience somewhat limited.
V2.0: In version 02, we have optimized the interface to be more user-friendly and easy to interact with. Players can interact visually through the website, providing a seamless and enjoyable experience.
2. Data Limitations
V1.0: Version 01 encountered limitations on the number of questions and required players to input data manually, causing inconvenience and reducing the richness of the game.
With the integration of the OpenTrivia API, the new version no longer limits the number of questions. Players can experience thousands of diverse and rich questions without manual input.
3. Data storage
V01: Ample, complex data storage, v02: Stored data is compact and easy to manage
4. Accessibility
V1.0: Accessing the game from devices other than personal computers is difficult, limiting the player's experience.
The new version supports access from anywhere, independent of the operating system. Players can access the game from all electronic devices.

